README.md, before:

# My Country President 🌏

[Read Blog Post](https://unclebigbay.com/open-source-project-for-everyone)

<hr />

#### Instructions:

1. 🍽 Fork this repository and don't forget to give a star ⭐

2. ⬇ Clone the project on your PC   

3.   Create a new branch.     git checkout -b <your_branch_name>

4. ✌ Duplicate the starter template for a new country project 

5. 🙏 Ensure to open only the country you're working on in your code editor i.e **VSCode**   

6. 👨‍ Check the _data.json_ to see sample of how to add a president profile   

7. 👤 Add the image of the president in the portrait folder   

8. ➕ Add your name to the `CONTRIBUTORS.md` file   

  PS: A pull request template has been added to this repository. When you do a pull request, describe what the pull request will do under What does this PR do , and the tasks   you have done beneath Description of task to be completed. When you are done, click the pull request button as shown in the image below.

9. 😎 Enjoy your coffee ☕ while the maintainer reviews your pull request

P.S: You will get a notification when your PR is merged or needs a fix.


<hr />

#### Link to sample repo:
- <a href="https://github.com/unclebay143/nigeria-presidents">Visit here for more information <br> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58919619/135591298-34af9d47-95a4-49c3-83db-d159a7be12cf.png" width="100" ></a>

<br>

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/unclebigbay" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>

### Thanks for reading the project `README.md` file

You can now start contrinbuting and develop your skills😊.

Commit message:

Updating the index html file

README.md, after:

# My Country President 🌏

[Read Blog Post](https://unclebigbay.com/open-source-project-for-everyone)

<hr />

#### Instructions:

1. 🍽 Fork this repository and don't forget to give a star ⭐

2. ⬇ Clone the project on your PC   

3.   Create a new branch.     git checkout -b <your_branch_name>

4. ✌ Duplicate the starter template for a new country project 

5. 🙏 Ensure to open only the country you're working on in your code editor i.e **VSCode**   

6. 👨‍ Check the _data.json_ to see sample of how to add a president profile   

7. 👤 Add the image of the president in the portrait folder   

8. ➕ Add your name to the `CONTRIBUTORS.md` file   
   
9. ➕ Update the the `index.html file.` This file contains the list of all added countries.. PS: this step should only be done if you intend to add a new country. 

  PS: A pull request template has been added to this repository. When you do a pull request, describe what the pull request will do under What does this PR do , and the tasks   you have done beneath Description of task to be completed. When you are done, click the pull request button as shown in the image below.

10. 😎 Enjoy your coffee ☕ while the maintainer reviews your pull request

P.S: You will get a notification when your PR is merged or needs a fix.


<hr />

#### Link to sample repo:
- <a href="https://github.com/unclebay143/nigeria-presidents">Visit here for more information <br> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58919619/135591298-34af9d47-95a4-49c3-83db-d159a7be12cf.png" width="100" ></a>

<br>

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/unclebigbay" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>

### Thanks for reading the project `README.md` file

You can now start contrinbuting and develop your skills😊.
